# Yulu-Python-Hypothesis-project
Apr 2024 - Apr 2024

This project revolves around Yulu, India's leading micro-mobility service provider, which offers shared electric cycles for daily commutes. Yulu has recently experienced a decline in revenues and seeks to understand the factors influencing the demand for their shared electric cycles in the Indian market.
Specifically, they aim to identify significant variables affecting demand and assess how well these variables describe the electric cycle demand.
Performed three types of Hypothesis testing ie 2 sample T-test, ANOVA test and Chi square test.
The analysis revealed a significant difference in the number of electric cycles rented between working days and non-working days. On average, there was a higher demand for shared electric cycles on working days compared to non-working days (approximately 995,166 cycles rented on working days versus 472,387 cycles rented on non-working days).
Weather conditions were found to have a significant impact on the demand for shared electric cycles. Clear weather was associated with the highest demand, followed by misty weather, light rain, and heavy rain.
There was a statistically significant difference in the number of cycles rented across different seasons. Although the demand for shared electric cycles remained relatively consistent throughout the year, there was a slight increase in demand during fall compared to other seasons (410,093 cycles rented in fall).This project revolves around Yulu, India's leading micro-mobility service provider, which offers shared electric cycles for daily commutes. Yulu has recently experienced a decline in revenues and seeks to understand the factors influencing the demand for their shared electric cycles in the Indian market. Specifically, they aim to identify significant variables affecting demand and assess how well these variables describe the electric cycle demand. Performed three types of Hypothesis testing ie 2 sample T-test, ANOVA test and Chi square test. The analysis revealed a significant difference in the number of electric cycles rented between working days and non-working days. On average, there was a higher demand for shared electric cycles on working days compared to non-working days (approximately 995,166 cycles rented on working days versus 472,387 cycles rented on non-working days). Weather conditions were found to have a significant impact on the demand for shared electric cycles. Clear weather was associated with the highest demand, followed by misty weather, light rain, and heavy rain. There was a statistically significant difference in the number of cycles rented across different seasons. Although the demand for shared electric cycles remained relatively consistent throughout the year, there was a slight increase in demand during fall compared to other seasons (410,093 cycles rented in fall).
Skills: Hypothesis Testing · ANOVA · Chi-square · T-tests · Probability · Statistical Data Analysis · Data Analysis · EDA
